Azure Maps Search (#29350)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/maps/Azure.Maps.Common/README.md

<!-- CLIENT COMMON BAR -->
[Client options](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md#configuring-service-clients-using-clientoptions) |
[Accessing the response](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md#accessing-http-response-details-using-responset) |
[Long-running operations](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md#consuming-long-running-operations-using-operationt) |
[Handling failures](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md#reporting-errors-requestfailedexception) |
[Diagnostics](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/Diagnostics.md) |
[Mocking](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/README.md#mocking) |
[Client lifetime](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/lifetime-management-and-thread-safety-guarantees-of-azure-sdk-net-clients/)
<!-- CLIENT COMMON BAR -->

## Examples

Please see the examples for [Search](https://github.com/khmic5/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/khmic/search/sdk/maps/Azure.Maps.Search).

## Troubleshooting

> If instantiate a `null` `LocalizedMapView`, the program will throw a `ArgumentNullException` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `null` `LocalizedMapView` is instantiated, the program will throw a `ArgumentNullException` error.
```
